and I
six five four three two
[Music]
Christian Qureshi where is she
he's right here he's okay right Phoenix
when you're screaming like that how many
times do you have to do it too many
times how many times it's just so
embarrassing cuz you're you know it
looks really cool there but you just lie
I'm lying on like this plastic thing
that doesn't quite fit my body because I
haven't been working out and so I'm just
kind of I'm folding over the sides of it
and then it's like green-screen no music
can you just have to scream and it's so
embarrassing it seems like it would be
uncomfortable to do yeah it's
uncomfortable who is among you most
likely to ruin a take maybe
intentionally or accidentally or
whatever I was gonna take baths Peter
has a highest quality bloopers oh I
don't feel like I ruined the direct
quotes and what onset in the middle of
my take event yeah you do you get hungry
does it work if you just lunch does it
come to you not yet it does not work you
know well what we've done here is we've
actually each to write down your fears
this is their fear jar and you can see
it's the fear jar because we put the
word for you're on it now I'm not looked
at these yet and you've each not you did
this individually correct yeah okay all
right so I don't know so if you want to
take one and read it aloud I'd loved and
then we'll try to figure out whose it is
okay and if it's yours play dumb
so stranded in the middle of the Pacific
Ocean
mmm that's very interesting fear mm-hmm
I think it's Thai yeah
it is not you it is not me it is Nicolas
tie it's time big ocean
you have dreams about this what's that's
one of the big ones it is one of the big
ones yeah I don't think I've ever had
dreams about it
I've thought about it I you know you
know sometimes when I'm daydreaming
[Laughter]
exactly
next one is being quiet being snakes
that's a classic that's desica thanks
Jessica snake not getting enough food at
group cast dinners neck tecnique yeah
great tell them what you do when we
could be going to group dinners I'd get
the fear of not having enough food what
does odd make James like take me to like
the corner shops on the way and pick up
whatever Amin is enough so I could eat
on the way there and I get there and I
wouldn't even be hungry anymore I know
in most restaurants no they've like
we've got the theory here it's sharing
yeah I'm always worried that it's not
gonna be enough for me how much is too
much to eat of that one thing that I
like amongst all these different people
yeah wow this is like like the youngest
and a family of 12
walking over drains I have to say onions
to reverse the curse I would say that
selfie Pennywise walking over sewer
drinks it is me yes well why don't you
say onions I was told when I was very
young that you have to say onions to
reverse the curse and now I truly can't
walk over a drain without freaking out
and having to say onions there you go
and I do the same thing if I'm in the
car I'm like I mean mind with snakes the
dream or aggressive Magpies
well this one is deportation /
armadillos armadillos why are you scared
of armadillos the two are connected all
right we have one more demonic
possession yeah mmm yeah yeah you're
worried about that is real bad innit
yeah yeah I've ever met anybody who's
being demonically possessed you know
it's bad the president
maybe maybe he did the same thing either
I was so convinced that was going to get
possessed demonically so whether I got
to the point where I saw Jennifer I'd
show in the middle of that budget
oh you gotta say his onions and you'll
be fine so we are gonna do something
well you guys are gonna do something
special you're gonna take our studio
audience in its entirety to the premiere
of Dark Phoenix
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on